I killed Zhang Xiaoqian and those killers
The fight is with Zhao Yongfang, who has already created Jinshi
There is less than a month before the sect competition
With his return
It's better to practice in the wild
Counted by business by villains
What a terrifying extraordinary armed police
I have also exhausted the practice method as the foundation these days
It actually deduced a land killing move
My yellow grave day
With this
Although my degree is still only the third grade
But even without a license
We can fight across borders.
Hahahaha
Jiang Ziyao, let's see where you're going this time
Obediently enter my alchemy furnace and become a human pill
I didn't hurt you last time.
Dare to die this time
Horrible acupuncture points
Just the sound makes my blood turn
bluff
If I'm not mistaken
You are now in the weak period of the nine-turn hanging palace
How much strength is left?
Is it a bluff?
You know everything
Wanjian returns
This destructive power
What a strong man